[PERF-246] Refactor Test Script to Use .env File (#33)
Ed-Fi-Exchange-OSS/Suite-3-Performance-Testing: docs/user-guide.md

  poetry install
  ```

* Create a `.env` file in the root directory, based on `.env.example`. Customize
  for your installation and testing requirements.
  * To test _all_ resources, comment out the `PERF_RESOURCE_LIST` entry.
  * For more information on the settings, see the [edfi-paging-test
    README](../src/edfi-paging-test/README.md)

>   * When `"restore_database": true` is used, the toolkit will try to restore the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * When `PERF_DB_RESTORE: True` is used, the toolkit will try to restore the
```

```

Server metrics will be output to the `./TestResults` directory. Paging test
results will be in a dated sub-directory, e.g.

> `./TestResults/YYYY-mm-dd-HH-MM-SS`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`./TestResults/runner/YYYY-mm-dd-HH-MM-SS`.
```
However TestResults folder could change based on PERF_OUTPUT_DIR setting

Author: What is documented was actually my intention. But I see now that I missed something and the date folders are underneath `runner`. I preferred keeping those separate, since the PowerShell log files are overwritten every time (currently). Unless you prefer having them in the same parent directory? If you prefer the latter, then I would just get rid of the `runner` portion of the directory path.

Reviewer: I think ./TestResults/YYYY-mm-dd-HH-MM-SS is good. PowerShell log files will be overwritten, but dated subdirectory will be still kept.
